gaga on youtube beauty
before the video that depends on you to
subscribe on my channel was very
cool with videos about android and
windows your programs and functionality
curiosity also centers on the
channel that stays here on the red button
write but if you have in the video
watching videos and down below here
here's how to sign up
so I liked the line too and enjoy
sharing social networks here
beauty that will help me much more
give us a lot even watch the videos
of the very cool event there on android
as I said about windows programs
have all there guys my channel bbc your
video suggestion any doubt speak
with me on facebook but box and also
When you 're leaving your doubts
through the comments
So the historian writes and then people
on youtube, the beauty that is spoken is james
This is for you today how you are.
rotating your video in a 90 ° light
180 degrees 360 degrees not what you want
close the mirror glass as it
You want this, you can show it.
right when the plan has installed
so I 'll start installing the
program that is very simple individual
is showing
but some lay people I have to do
this is what you open it is choosing the language
leave portuguese even give an ok
good shelter and April here is you will
advance
I found the terms of use of the contract
if you're more organized than you
you can change the address of the
installation if on the other it wants to move forward
again
this is it here I will not touch anything click
to advance
click install and ready experience
there it is quickly
already appeared icon here you click
concludes
it will start if any
website closed
follow the program that this green what it is
well here he is
you will choose the video first
What do you want to edit here to get it?
in my jattak concept of inclusion
digital
click on open the ready here you see the
video as if it were a normal player is
that you will spin it the tools
here you can be spinning around
various angles
mirroring the video the old man doing a lot
thing depends on the ability and and
What do you want to do?
I'll just take a test here and I'll leave it
he upside down
you can also choose the directory of
destination where you want it to go
and then you just click save video
Who is going to start loading this bay?
here o
As you can see, it 's creating a
new video file here
on the desktop that is where you are here
apache the folder where the
output file
mano done here has been slow and
depends on the size of the video you
you by yourself was a video of more or
less mega 2 megs is a patting thing
quickest of most touch ended the video
Nothing is working here anymore .
you can close the program
quietly and I 'll show
here first the original video
Let's see what it was like and then
video I edited
the catar's hand comes down
This one I typed in turned him already.
stay different
you can see completely different
you may be changing the rotation of your
video now if you want just put it
there in the first column and do what you
All you want to do is save the video ready
Cable is this guys will leave here
link the video option on the link will be
imported
You click the wait five seconds link.
will appear a box with the name
close advertisement starts here
appear in the image
You click there, it does not apply anymore.
only in close advertising you click
to download the flip video in content
then you will download and install as I
I said the video and it's ready to be happy.
For this, I really wanted to enjoy my video.
writing on my channel will help
enough and that's what folks were up to
next